docs/data-sources/teams.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_teams Data Source - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ctfd_teams (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the team is banned from the CTF.
- `captain` (String) Member who is captain of the team. Must be part of the members too. Note it could cause a fatal error in case of resource import with an inconsistent CTFd configuration i.e. if a team has no captain yet (should not be possible).
- `country` (String) Country the team represent or is hail from.
- `email` (String) Email of the team.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the team is hidden to the participants.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
- `members` (List of String) List of members (User), defined by their IDs.
- `name` (String) Name of the team.
- `password` (String) Password of the team. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting team accesses.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

Commit message:

Feat/brackets (#187)
* feat(api): add support of `ctfd_bracket`

* docs: add brackets doc

* fix: datasources schema for user and team

docs/data-sources/teams.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_teams Data Source - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ctfd_teams (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `teams` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--teams))

<a id="nestedatt--teams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `teams`

Read-Only:

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the team is banned from the CTF.
- `captain` (String) Member who is captain of the team. Must be part of the members too. Note it could cause a fatal error in case of resource import with an inconsistent CTFd configuration i.e. if a team has no captain yet (should not be possible).
- `country` (String) Country the team represent or is hail from.
- `email` (String) Email of the team.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the team is hidden to the participants.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
- `members` (List of String) List of members (User), defined by their IDs.
- `name` (String) Name of the team.
- `password` (String) Password of the team. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting team accesses.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).
