docs/data-sources/users.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_users Data Source - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ctfd_users (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a team, company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the user is banned from the CTF.
- `country` (String) Country the user represent or is native from.
- `email` (String) Email of the user, may be used to verify the account.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the user is hidden to the participants.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
- `language` (String) Language the user is fluent in.
- `name` (String) Name or pseudo of the user.
- `password` (String) Password of the user. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting user accesses.
- `type` (String) Generic type for RBAC purposes.
- `verified` (Boolean) Is true if the user has verified its account by email, or if set by an admin.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

Commit message:

fix: datasources schema for user and team

docs/data-sources/users.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_users Data Source - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ctfd_users (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `users` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a team, company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the user is banned from the CTF.
- `country` (String) Country the user represent or is native from.
- `email` (String) Email of the user, may be used to verify the account.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the user is hidden to the participants.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
- `language` (String) Language the user is fluent in.
- `name` (String) Name or pseudo of the user.
- `password` (String) Password of the user. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting user accesses.
- `type` (String) Generic type for RBAC purposes.
- `verified` (Boolean) Is true if the user has verified its account by email, or if set by an admin.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).
