---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_challenge Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd is built around the Challenge resource, which contains all the attributes to define a part of the Capture The Flag event.
  This provider builds a cleaner API on top of CTFd's one to improve its adoption and lifecycle management.
---

# ctfd_challenge (Resource)

CTFd is built around the Challenge resource, which contains all the attributes to define a part of the Capture The Flag event.

This provider builds a cleaner API on top of CTFd's one to improve its adoption and lifecycle management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_challenge" "http" {
  name        = "HTTP Authentication"
  category    = "network"
  description = <<-EOT
        Oh no ! I did not see my connection was no encrypted !
        I hope no one spied me...

        Authors:
        - NicolasFgrx
    EOT
  value       = 500
  initial     = 500
  decay       = 17
  minimum     = 50
  state       = "visible"
  function    = "logarithmic"

  flags = [{
    content = "24HIUT{Http_1s_n0t_s3cuR3}"
  }]

  topics = [
    "Network"
  ]
  tags = [
    "network",
    "http"
  ]

  hints = [{
    content = "HTTP exchanges are not ciphered."
    cost    = 50
    }, {
    content = "Content is POSTed in HTTP :)"
    cost    = 50
  }]

  files = [{
    name       = "capture.pcapng"
    contentb64 = filebase64("${path.module}/capture.pcapng")
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) Category of the challenge that CTFd groups by on the web UI.
- `description` (String) Description of the challenge, consider using multiline descriptions for better style.
- `name` (String) Name of the challenge, displayed as it.
- `value` (Number) The value (points) of the challenge once solved. Internally, the provider will handle what target is legitimate depending on the `.type` value, i.e. either `value` for "standard" or `initial` for "dynamic".

### Optional

- `connection_info` (String) Connection Information to connect to the challenge instance, useful for pwn, web and infrastructure pentests.
- `decay` (Number) The decay defines from each number of solves does the decay function triggers until reaching minimum. This function is defined by CTFd and could be configured through `.function`.
- `files` (Attributes List) List of files given to players to flag the challenge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--files))
- `flags` (Attributes List) List of challenge flags that solves it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flags))
- `function` (String) Decay function to define how the challenge value evolve through solves, either linear or logarithmic.
- `hints` (Attributes List) List of hints about the challenge displayed to the end-user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hints))
- `max_attempts` (Number) Maximum amount of attempts before being unable to flag the challenge.
- `minimum` (Number) The minimum points for a dynamic-score challenge to reach with the decay function. Once there, no solve could have more value.
- `next` (Number) Suggestion for the end-user as next challenge to work on.
- `requirements` (Attributes) List of required challenges that needs to get flagged before this one being accessible. Useful for skill-trees-like strategy CTF. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requirements))
- `state` (String) State of the challenge, either hidden or visible.
- `tags` (List of String) List of challenge tags that will be displayed to the end-user. You could use them to give some quick insights of what a challenge involves.
- `topics` (List of String) List of challenge topics that are displayed to the administrators for maintenance and planification.
- `type` (String) Type of the challenge defining its layout/behavior, either standard or dynamic (default).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the challenge.

<a id="nestedatt--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `files`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the file as displayed to end-users.

Optional:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) Raw content of the file, perfectly fit the use-cases of a .txt document or anything with a simple binary content. You could provide it from the file-system using `file("${path.module}/...")`.
- `contentb64` (String, Sensitive) Base 64 content of the file, perfectly fit the use-cases of complex binaries. You could provide it from the file-system using `filebase64("${path.module}/...")`.
- `location` (String) Location where the file is stored on the CTFd instance, for download purposes.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the file, used internally to handle the CTFd corresponding object.
- `sha1sum` (String) The sha1 sum of the file.


<a id="nestedatt--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flags`

Required:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The actual flag to match. Consider using the convention `MYCTF{value}` with `MYCTF` being the shortcode of your event's name and `value` depending on each challenge.

Optional:

- `data` (String) The flag sensitivity information, either case_sensitive or case_insensitive
- `type` (String) The type of the flag, could be either static or regex

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the flag, used internally to handle the CTFd corresponding object.


<a id="nestedatt--hints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hints`

Required:

- `content` (String) Content of the hint as displayed to the end-user.

Optional:

- `cost` (Number) Cost of the hint, and if any specified, the end-user will consume its own (or team) points to get it.
- `requirements` (List of String) Other hints required to be consumed before getting this one. Useful for cost-increasing hint strategies with more and more help.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the hint, used internally to handle the CTFd corresponding object.


<a id="nestedatt--requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requirements`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) Behavior if not unlocked, either hidden or anonymized.
- `prerequisites` (List of String) List of the challenges ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Challenge can be imported by the CTFd ID (check URLs)
terraform import ctfd_challenge.http 1
```
