docs/resources/hint.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_hint Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A hint for a challenge to help players solve it.
---

# ctfd_hint (Resource)

A hint for a challenge to help players solve it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_challenge_dynamic" "http" {
  name        = "My Challenge"
  category    = "misc"
  description = "..."
  value       = 500
  decay       = 100
  minimum     = 50
  state       = "visible"
  function    = "logarithmic"

  topics = [
    "Misc"
  ]
  tags = [
    "misc",
    "basic"
  ]
}

resource "ctfd_flag" "http_flag" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "CTF{some_flag}"
}

resource "ctfd_hint" "http_hint" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "Some super-helpful hint"
  cost         = 50
}

resource "ctfd_hint" "http_hint_2" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "Even more helpful hint !"
  cost         = 50
  requirements = [ctfd_hint.http_hint_1.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `challenge_id` (String) Challenge of the hint.
- `content` (String) Content of the hint as displayed to the end-user.

### Optional

- `cost` (Number) Cost of the hint, and if any specified, the end-user will consume its own (or team) points to get it.
- `requirements` (List of String) List of the other hints it depends on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the hint, used internally to handle the CTFd corresponding object.

Commit message:

chore(deps): update to CTFd 3.7.7, add hint title (optional)

docs/resources/hint.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_hint Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A hint for a challenge to help players solve it.
---

# ctfd_hint (Resource)

A hint for a challenge to help players solve it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_challenge_dynamic" "http" {
  name        = "My Challenge"
  category    = "misc"
  description = "..."
  value       = 500
  decay       = 100
  minimum     = 50
  state       = "visible"
  function    = "logarithmic"

  topics = [
    "Misc"
  ]
  tags = [
    "misc",
    "basic"
  ]
}

resource "ctfd_flag" "http_flag" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "CTF{some_flag}"
}

resource "ctfd_hint" "http_hint" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "Some super-helpful hint"
  cost         = 50
}

resource "ctfd_hint" "http_hint_2" {
  challenge_id = ctfd_challenge_dynamic.http.id
  content      = "Even more helpful hint !"
  cost         = 50
  requirements = [ctfd_hint.http_hint_1.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `challenge_id` (String) Challenge of the hint.
- `content` (String) Content of the hint as displayed to the end-user.

### Optional

- `cost` (Number) Cost of the hint, and if any specified, the end-user will consume its own (or team) points to get it.
- `requirements` (List of String) List of the other hints it depends on.
- `title` (String) Title of the hint, displayed to end users before unlocking.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the hint, used internally to handle the CTFd corresponding object.
