docs/resources/team.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_team Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd defines a Team as a group of Users who will attend the Capture The Flag event.
---

# ctfd_team (Resource)

CTFd defines a Team as a group of Users who will attend the Capture The Flag event.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_user" "ctfer" {
  name     = "CTFer"
  email    = "ctfer-io@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"
}

resource "ctfd_team" "cybercombattants" {
  name     = "Les cybercombattants de l'innovation"
  email    = "lucastesson@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"
  members = [
    ctfd_user.ctfer.id,
  ]
  captain = ctfd_user.ctfer.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `captain` (String) Member who is captain of the team. Must be part of the members too. Note it could cause a fatal error in case of resource import with an inconsistent CTFd configuration i.e. if a team has no captain yet (should not be possible).
- `email` (String) Email of the team.
- `members` (List of String) List of members (User), defined by their IDs.
- `name` (String) Name of the team.
- `password` (String) Password of the team. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting team accesses.

### Optional

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the team is banned from the CTF.
- `country` (String) Country the team represent or is hail from.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the team is hidden to the participants.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.

Commit message:

fix: datasources schema for user and team

docs/resources/team.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_team Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd defines a Team as a group of Users who will attend the Capture The Flag event.
---

# ctfd_team (Resource)

CTFd defines a Team as a group of Users who will attend the Capture The Flag event.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_user" "ctfer" {
  name     = "CTFer"
  email    = "ctfer-io@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"
}

resource "ctfd_team" "cybercombattants" {
  name     = "Les cybercombattants de l'innovation"
  email    = "lucastesson@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"
  members = [
    ctfd_user.ctfer.id,
  ]
  captain = ctfd_user.ctfer.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `captain` (String) Member who is captain of the team. Must be part of the members too. Note it could cause a fatal error in case of resource import with an inconsistent CTFd configuration i.e. if a team has no captain yet (should not be possible).
- `email` (String) Email of the team.
- `members` (List of String) List of members (User), defined by their IDs.
- `name` (String) Name of the team.
- `password` (String) Password of the team. Notice that during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting team accesses.

### Optional

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the team is banned from the CTF.
- `bracket_id` (String) The bracket id the user plays in.
- `country` (String) Country the team represent or is hail from.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the team is hidden to the participants.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
