docs/resources/user.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_user Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd defines a User as someone who will either play or administrate the Capture The Flag event.
---

# ctfd_user (Resource)

CTFd defines a User as someone who will either play or administrate the Capture The Flag event.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_user" "ctfer" {
  name     = "CTFer"
  email    = "ctfer-io@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"

  # Make the user administrator of the CTFd instance
  type     = "admin"
  verified = true
  hidden   = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String, Sensitive) Email of the user, may be used to verify the account.
- `name` (String) Name or pseudo of the user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the user. Notice than during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting user accesses.

### Optional

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a team, company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the user is banned from the CTF.
- `country` (String) Country the user represent or is native from.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the user is hidden to the participants.
- `language` (String) Language the user is fluent in.
- `type` (String) Generic type for RBAC purposes.
- `verified` (Boolean) Is true if the user has verified its account by email, or if set by an admin.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.

Commit message:

fix: datasources schema for user and team

docs/resources/user.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ctfd_user Resource - terraform-provider-ctfd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CTFd defines a User as someone who will either play or administrate the Capture The Flag event.
---

# ctfd_user (Resource)

CTFd defines a User as someone who will either play or administrate the Capture The Flag event.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ctfd_user" "ctfer" {
  name     = "CTFer"
  email    = "ctfer-io@protonmail.com"
  password = "password"

  # Make the user administrator of the CTFd instance
  type     = "admin"
  verified = true
  hidden   = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String, Sensitive) Email of the user, may be used to verify the account.
- `name` (String) Name or pseudo of the user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password of the user. Notice than during a CTF you may not want to update those to avoid defaulting user accesses.

### Optional

- `affiliation` (String) Affiliation to a team, company or agency.
- `banned` (Boolean) Is true if the user is banned from the CTF.
- `bracket_id` (String) The bracket id the user plays in.
- `country` (String) Country the user represent or is native from.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Is true if the user is hidden to the participants.
- `language` (String) Language the user is fluent in.
- `type` (String) Generic type for RBAC purposes.
- `verified` (Boolean) Is true if the user has verified its account by email, or if set by an admin.
- `website` (String) Website, blog, or anything similar (displayed to other participants).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
